docs/documentation/teach/explaining-the-teach-detection-parameters.rst, before:

.. _Explaining-the-teach-detection-parameters:

Explaining the Teach detection parameters
-----------------------------------------

The Pickit Teach vision engine is designed to detect complex
3D shapes. This article explains its detection parameters.

.. contents::
    :backlinks: top
    :local:
    :depth: 1

Define your model(s)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Teach-model-grid.png

A list of thaught models is shown accompanied by their ID and
the number of points. By default, there are no models defined.

Add a model
^^^^^^^^^^^

Press :guilabel:`Add a model` to add your first model, the points
currently visible within the ROI are now saved into a model. When the
model is successfully created, the model will automatically be shown in
the **Model** view.

Re-teach a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can always reteach a model by pressing :guilabel:`Re-teach` for
a specific model.
By pressing this button, the points currently visible within the ROI
are saved into the model.

.. warning:: When re-teaching a specific model, the point-cloud
   data from the previous model is overwritten. This action cannot be
   undone.

Delete a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To delete a model, press :guilabel:`Delete` for the specific model.
The action needs to be confirmed in deletion popup.

.. warning:: Model ID's will be reassigned after deleting a certain
   model. Always check your robot program after deleting models.

.. warning:: Model data will be lost after deletion confirmation and
   cannot be restored.

Select and visualize a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A model can be selected by clicking on the row. When the model is
loaded, the model will automatically be shown in the Model view.

Enable or disable a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Each model can be included or excluded from the detections, this can
be done by check (Enable model - Default) or uncheck (Disable model).
When disabling a model, the detection algorithm will completely ignore
that specific model.

Pick frame
^^^^^^^^^^

The pick frame is the location where the TCP of the robot will be guided to. 
The location of the pick frame can be visualized from the **Model** view.
By default, Pickit Teach provides an initial pick frame,
but this will in general not be the best choice. It's possible to
specify the desired  **pick frame** as a positional and rotational
offset with respect to the object model. 

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Teach-pick-frame.png

Matching tolerance
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If the distance between a detected scene point and a point of your model
is below this position tolerance value, then this scene point will
confirm the model point. This parameter has a big impact on the scoring
of the :ref:`Minimum-matching-score`.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Teach-matching-tolerance.png

.. _Minimum-matching-score:

Minimum matching score
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Minimum percentage of model points that need to be confirmed by scene
points, for the detected object to be considered valid.

Optimize detections
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _image-fusion:

Image fusion
^^^^^^^^^^^^

Image fusion is the combination of multiple camera captures into a
single image. Enabling image fusion can provide **more detail** in
regions that show flickering in the 2D or 3D live streams. Flickering
typically occurs when working with **reflective materials**. There are
three possible fusion configurations: **None**, **Light fusion** and **Heavy fusion**.

Image fusion can increase total detection time by up to half a second.
The recommended practice is to use None in the absence of flickering,
and try first Light fusion over Heavy fusion when flickering is
present. 

Scene downsampling resolution
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The downsampling resolution allows reducing the density of the point
cloud. This parameter has a big impact on detection time and accuracy.
More points lead to higher detection times and higher accuracy, fewer
points to lower detection times and lower accuracy.

In the illustration, you can see an example of setting the scene
downsampling parameter to 1 mm, 4 mm and 10 mm.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/downsampling.png

Detection speed
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

With this parameter, you can specify how hard Pickit Teach tries to
find multiple matches. Slower detection speeds are likely to produce
more matches. There are three available options:

-  **Fast** Recommended for simple scenes with a single or few objects.
-  **Normal** This is the default choice and represents a good
   compromise between a number of matches and detection speed.
-  **Slow** Recommended for scenes with many parts, potentially
   overlapping and in clutter.

**Example:** Two-step bin picking.

#. Pick an individual part from a bin using **Normal** or
   **Slow** detection speed and place it on a flat surface.
#. Perform an orientation check for re-grasping using
   **Fast** detection speed, as the part is isolated. Grasp and place in
   final location.

Detection precision
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Apart from the above choice, you can instruct Pickit Teach to favor
being **more precise** or to potentially find **more objects**. This
choice has a negligible impact on detection times. In most cases,
selecting **more precise** yields a good number of matches per
detection run, and is the recommended default.

Commit message:

Reference edit model article in other teach articles.

docs/documentation/teach/explaining-the-teach-detection-parameters.rst, after:

.. _Explaining-the-teach-detection-parameters:

Explaining the Teach detection parameters
-----------------------------------------

The Pickit Teach vision engine is designed to detect complex
3D shapes. This article explains its detection parameters.

.. contents::
    :backlinks: top
    :local:
    :depth: 1

Define your model(s)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Teach-model-grid.png

A list of thaught models is shown accompanied by their ID and
the number of points. By default, there are no models defined.

Add a model
^^^^^^^^^^^

Press :guilabel:`Add a model` to add your first model, the points
currently visible within the ROI are now saved into a model. When the
model is successfully created, the model will automatically be shown in
the **Model** view.

Re-teach a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can always reteach a model by pressing :guilabel:`Re-teach` for
a specific model.
By pressing this button, the points currently visible within the ROI
are saved into the model.

.. warning:: When re-teaching a specific model, the point-cloud
   data from the previous model is overwritten. This action cannot be
   undone.

It is also possible to crop or expand an existing model, without the need
to re-teach it. Refer to the article :ref:`How-to-edit-existing-model` for
further details.

Delete a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To delete a model, press :guilabel:`Delete` for the specific model.
The action needs to be confirmed in deletion popup.

.. warning:: Model ID's will be reassigned after deleting a certain
   model. Always check your robot program after deleting models.

.. warning:: Model data will be lost after deletion confirmation and
   cannot be restored.

Select and visualize a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A model can be selected by clicking on the row. When the model is
loaded, the model will automatically be shown in the Model view.

Enable or disable a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Each model can be included or excluded from the detections, this can
be done by check (Enable model - Default) or uncheck (Disable model).
When disabling a model, the detection algorithm will completely ignore
that specific model.

Pick frame
^^^^^^^^^^

The pick frame is the location where the TCP of the robot will be guided to. 
The location of the pick frame can be visualized from the **Model** view.
By default, Pickit Teach provides an initial pick frame,
but this will in general not be the best choice. It's possible to
specify the desired  **pick frame** as a positional and rotational
offset with respect to the object model. 

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Teach-pick-frame.png

Matching tolerance
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If the distance between a detected scene point and a point of your model
is below this position tolerance value, then this scene point will
confirm the model point. This parameter has a big impact on the scoring
of the :ref:`Minimum-matching-score`.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Teach-matching-tolerance.png

.. _Minimum-matching-score:

Minimum matching score
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Minimum percentage of model points that need to be confirmed by scene
points, for the detected object to be considered valid.

Optimize detections
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _image-fusion:

Image fusion
^^^^^^^^^^^^

Image fusion is the combination of multiple camera captures into a
single image. Enabling image fusion can provide **more detail** in
regions that show flickering in the 2D or 3D live streams. Flickering
typically occurs when working with **reflective materials**. There are
three possible fusion configurations: **None**, **Light fusion** and **Heavy fusion**.

Image fusion can increase total detection time by up to half a second.
The recommended practice is to use None in the absence of flickering,
and try first Light fusion over Heavy fusion when flickering is
present. 

Scene downsampling resolution
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The downsampling resolution allows reducing the density of the point
cloud. This parameter has a big impact on detection time and accuracy.
More points lead to higher detection times and higher accuracy, fewer
points to lower detection times and lower accuracy.

In the illustration, you can see an example of setting the scene
downsampling parameter to 1 mm, 4 mm and 10 mm.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/downsampling.png

Detection speed
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

With this parameter, you can specify how hard Pickit Teach tries to
find multiple matches. Slower detection speeds are likely to produce
more matches. There are three available options:

-  **Fast** Recommended for simple scenes with a single or few objects.
-  **Normal** This is the default choice and represents a good
   compromise between a number of matches and detection speed.
-  **Slow** Recommended for scenes with many parts, potentially
   overlapping and in clutter.

**Example:** Two-step bin picking.

#. Pick an individual part from a bin using **Normal** or
   **Slow** detection speed and place it on a flat surface.
#. Perform an orientation check for re-grasping using
   **Fast** detection speed, as the part is isolated. Grasp and place in
   final location.

Detection precision
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Apart from the above choice, you can instruct Pickit Teach to favor
being **more precise** or to potentially find **more objects**. This
choice has a negligible impact on detection times. In most cases,
selecting **more precise** yields a good number of matches per
detection run, and is the recommended default.
