docs/documentation/teach/how-to-use-pickit-teach.rst, before:

How to use Pickit Teach
-----------------------

This article describes how to get started with the Pickit Teach engine.
Pickit Teach is a detection engine in Pickit which can search for
objects based on a previously shown example object. It is primarily used
to find irregularly shaped objects that don't fit in one of the basic
shape categories, like cylinders, spheres, squares, rectangles, circles,
and ellipses.

.. contents::
    :backlinks: top
    :local:
    :depth: 1

Teach a model based on your product
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Teaching a model of an object is the most important step when setting up
the Pickit Teach engine to detect your object. The model is the only
thing that is used by Pickit Teach to search for your objects in a
scene, so a better quality model results in better detections. A
high-quality model has the following characteristics:

#. It contains as many details of the object as possible,
#. It contains only points that
   belong to the object itself and
#. It exactly matches the side of the object
   that you want to detect.

See following guide, :ref:`how-to-good-model`, for more in depth information.

Continue reading to learn how to build a high-quality model.

Placing the object under the camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Place your object under the camera and try to put it as close as
possible to the camera to capture the most details while making sure
that the object is lying fully in the field of view of the camera. It's
useful to keep the 2D view open so you see what the camera sees.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/teach-model-picture.jpg

Isolating the object
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Before creating a model of the object, we need to isolate the part from
its surroundings to make sure that only points belonging to the object
are captured in the model. This is done by using the :ref:`region-of-interest`.

Go to the **Region of Interest** tab and modify the region of interest
box boundaries until only points that belong to your objects are inside
the ROI box. When you're done adapting the boundaries, you're ready to
go to the next step.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/teach-model-3d-points.png

Adding a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In this step, the actual model will be taught and saved. Go to the
Detection tab and select the Pickit Teach engine. Open the ‘Define your
model(s)’ section. Here you will see a widget that allows adding models.

To add a new model, click the :guilabel:`Add a model`. Before clicking
this button, make sure that the previous steps are completed so that a correct side of the object is oriented to the
camera. When a new model is
successfully defined, the viewer will open the **Model
tab** automatically and a **Model row** will be added to the models'
widget.

The **Model tab** shows a 3D visual representation of your model, a
model bounding box as a green dashed line and the Pick frame. Note the
number in round brackets in the Model view tab name, this is the model
ID.

Previous steps can be repeated to Teach different models to Pickit Teach. 
In one product file up to 8 different models can be taught. 
This means that Pickit Teach is capable of looking for 8 different shapes in one detection.
See :ref:`how-to-multiple-models` on how you can use the model id in a robot program. 

Below 2 models of the same part are shown. The first model is the shape of the top of the part.
The second model is the shape of the bottom of the part.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/teach-models.png

Detecting object(s)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Now that you've added your models, it's time to detect objects. 

Place your objects below the camera and create a new region of interest box and press the
Detect button. On a successful detection, you will see in the 2D view
that a frame appears on the detected objects and yellow lines indicate
the bounding box. (For the yellow lines enable the "Show model box" in
the Viewer options.)

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/teach-scene-picture.jpg

In the Objects view, the point cloud models are visualized as a colored
cloud on top of the detected objects. When a detection failed because
for example a threshold parameter was exceeded, the model cloud will be
colored in red.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/teach-objects.png

In the Objects table, you can see the detected object dimensions,
matching score and the Model ID that was found. Take a look at this
article to learn how to interpret the :ref:`detection-grid`.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Teach-detection-grid.png

If you want to optimize your detections, the article :ref:`Explaining-the-teach-detection-parameters`
goes more in depth on the different parameters of Pickit Teach. We
advice you to experiment with different settings and multiple objects in
different settings(tilted, on top of each other,..)

.. note:: There is a hard limit on the Teach matching time of 5 seconds.
   Before applying any optimization, this limit could be reached.

Commit message:

Add documentation for model copbox.
Correct image.

Rephrasing.

Put text in note box.

Update version to 2.1.

Adds blank line before .. image::

Delete section about model edit from teach page.

Add separate article about editing existing models.

First re-teach, than crop feature.

Fixed switched images.

Advantages of model cropping.

Images for model cropping advantages.

Remove pick frame section, reduce re-teach explanation.

Reference edit model article in other teach articles.

Move article to faq/general.

User --> you, other nits.

docs/documentation/teach/how-to-use-pickit-teach.rst, after:

How to use Pickit Teach
-----------------------

This article describes how to get started with the Pickit Teach engine.
Pickit Teach is a detection engine in Pickit which can search for
objects based on a previously shown example object. It is primarily used
to find irregularly shaped objects that don't fit in one of the basic
shape categories, like cylinders, spheres, squares, rectangles, circles,
and ellipses.

.. contents::
    :backlinks: top
    :local:
    :depth: 1

Teach a model based on your product
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Teaching a model of an object is the most important step when setting up
the Pickit Teach engine to detect your object. The model is the only
thing that is used by Pickit Teach to search for your objects in a
scene, so a better quality model results in better detections. A
high-quality model has the following characteristics:

#. It contains as many details of the object as possible,
#. It contains only points that
   belong to the object itself and
#. It exactly matches the side of the object
   that you want to detect.

See following guide, :ref:`how-to-good-model`, for more in depth information.

Continue reading to learn how to build a high-quality model.

Placing the object under the camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Place your object under the camera and try to put it as close as
possible to the camera to capture the most details while making sure
that the object is lying fully in the field of view of the camera. It's
useful to keep the 2D view open so you see what the camera sees.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/teach-model-picture.jpg

Make sure that the object is inside the :ref:`region-of-interest`, and that
it is not occluded by other elements in the scene.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/teach-model-3d-points.png

Adding a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In this step, the actual model will be taught and saved. Go to the
Detection tab and select the Pickit Teach engine. Open the ‘Define your
model(s)’ section. Here you will see a widget that allows adding models.

To add a new model, click the :guilabel:`Add a model`. Before clicking
this button, make sure that the previous steps are completed so that a correct side of the object is oriented to the
camera. When a new model is
successfully defined, the viewer will open the **Model
tab** automatically and a **Model row** will be added to the models'
widget.

The **Model tab** shows a 3D visual representation of your model, a green
model bounding box and the Pick frame. Note the
number in round brackets in the Model view tab name, this is the model
ID.

The previous steps can be repeated to teach different models to Pickit Teach.
In one product file up to 8 different models can be taught.
This means that Pickit Teach is capable of looking for 8 different shapes in one detection.

See :ref:`how-to-multiple-models` on how you can use the model id in a robot program.

Below 2 models of the same part are shown. The first model is the shape of the top of the part.
The second model is the shape of the bottom of the part.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/teach-models.png

After teaching a model for the first time, it is possible to alter it in different ways.
Refer to the article :ref:`How-to-edit-existing-model` for further details.

Detecting object(s)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Now that you've added your models, it's time to detect objects. 

Place your objects below the camera and create a new region of interest box and press the
Detect button. On a successful detection, you will see in the 2D view
that a frame appears on the detected objects and yellow lines indicate
the bounding box. (For the yellow lines enable the "Show model box" in
the Viewer options.)

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/teach-scene-picture.jpg

In the Objects view, the point cloud models are visualized as a colored
cloud on top of the detected objects. When a detection failed because
for example a threshold parameter was exceeded, the model cloud will be
colored in red.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/teach-objects.png

In the Objects table, you can see the detected object dimensions,
matching score and the Model ID that was found. Take a look at this
article to learn how to interpret the :ref:`detection-grid`.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Teach-detection-grid.png

If you want to optimize your detections, the article :ref:`Explaining-the-teach-detection-parameters`
goes more in depth on the different parameters of Pickit Teach. We
advice you to experiment with different settings and multiple objects in
different settings(tilted, on top of each other,..)

.. note:: There is a hard limit on the Teach matching time of 5 seconds.
   Before applying any optimization, this limit could be reached.
