docs/documentation/cameras/index.rst, before:

.. _cameras:

Camera(s)
=========

In this article the different settings of the Camera(s) tab are discussed.

Camera configuration
--------------------

One Pickit processor can be connected to two different Pickit cameras at the same time. 
This can be two M-cameras, two L-cameras or a M and L-camera combined.

Here you select which camera to use in the setup file. Each setup file should have exactly one active camera.

Robot camera calibration
------------------------

Robot camera calibration is the process where the camera and the robot learn their relative position towards each other. 
If done correctly, the camera can guide the robot to correct positions in the physical environment. 
Once the camera and robot are mounted, calibration can be done. 
This process only needs to be repeated if the camera is moved relative to the robot base, or visa versa. 

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    how-to-execute-robot-camera-calibration
    how-to-execute-robot-camera-calibration-with-an-abb-yumi-robot

Commit message:

Primary page for robot camera calibration.
Nits, add warning box.

Text changes in main robot camera calib page.

Add files for multi poses, single pose and checking.

Add figures.

Re-arrange index.

Remove old robot camera calibration file.

Text improvements and error fixes.

Show complete instructions in multi and single pose articles.

Add image of visible calibration plate.

Add calibration check warning, add header.

docs/documentation/cameras/index.rst, after:

.. _cameras:

Camera(s)
=========

In this article the different settings of the Camera(s) tab are discussed.

Camera configuration
--------------------

One Pickit processor can be connected to two different Pickit cameras at the same time. 
This can be two M-cameras, two L-cameras or a M and L-camera combined.

Here you select which camera to use in the setup file. Each setup file should have exactly one active camera.

Robot camera calibration
------------------------

Robot camera calibration is the process where the camera and the robot learn their relative position
with respect to each other. If done correctly, the camera can guide the robot to correct positions in
the physical environment. Calibration can be performed once the camera and robot have been mounted in
the work cell. This process only needs to be repeated if the camera is moved relative to the robot base,
or vice-versa.

Related articles:

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    robot-camera-calibration
    multi-poses-calibration
    single-pose-calibration
    checking-robot-camera-calibration
    how-to-execute-robot-camera-calibration-with-an-abb-yumi-robot
