docs/support/getting-ready-for-remote-service.rst, before:

.. _support-remote-service:

Getting ready for remote service
================================

We will cover 3 possible scenarios in this how-to guide. 

.. contents::
    :backlinks: top
    :local:
    :depth: 1

Connect your Pickit processor to the internet
----------------------------------------------

The preferred method is to connect your Pickit processor via an
Ethernet cable. If this is not possible you can connect
your Pickit processor via the 3G USB dongle.

.. image:: /assets/images/First-steps/Connecting-instructions-full.png

Connecting via Ethernet cable
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

#. **Plug in an Ethernet cable** (with internet access) into the LAN
   port of the Pickit processor.
#. Navigate to the **Network settings**, by clicking on the Settings
   button at the top-right of the web interface.

   .. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/settings-button-21.png

#. In the **Pickit port labeled 'LAN’** section, make sure that the
   **IP address** field has a valid value (blue arrow in image below).

   .. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/network-settings-21.png

If an **IP address** shows up, you are good to go. A Pickit engineer
can now connect to your system.

If no **IP address** shows up:

-  Double check if the Ethernet cable is attached in the right
   way to the Pickit processor and your network;
-  Check with your system administrator if there is a **firewall** on
   your network. If so:

   -  Ask your system administrator to whitelist the ‘LAN’ port’s **MAC
      address** shown in the Network section of the :guilabel:`Settings`
      page (red arrow in the image above).
   -  Ask your system administrator to open **TCP 443 port.**

.. note:: Pickit uses VPN/TLS over TCP port 443 to establish
   connection. The Pickit Support Server is known as vpn.intermodalics.eu

Connecting via USB dongle
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Your Pickit system was delivered with a USB 3G dongle to connect the
Pickit system to the internet when connecting via
Ethernet is not an option. A Pickit SIM card is already
inside so this works out of the box. 

.. note:: Since this is a wireless device, it's important that it is
   positioned **outside a metal enclosure** (cage of Faraday). In case your
   Pickit system is in such an enclosure, you may use an extension cable
   up to 2 m to install the remote service modem outside this enclosure.

.. note:: Depending on **3G reception on site**, a Pickit support
   engineer could view and manipulate the Pickit web interface, install
   product and or setup files and perform updates. If the mobile reception
   is bad viewing and manipulating the interface could be impossible. On
   slow connections, software updates can take up to several hours.

Pickit systems were shipped with 2 different types of USB 3G dongles,
use the images below as a reference to check which type of dongle came
with your Pickit system.

Type 1
^^^^^^
.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/3g-dongle-type-1.jpg

The USB dongle can be plugged into any available USB port of your
Pickit system. No configuration is required.

+------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Status LED       | Indication                                                                                                                      |
+==================+=================================================================================================================================+
| Solid red        | The modem is initializing.                                                                                                      |
+------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Blinking red     | Check if a SIM/USIM card is inserted. If it is, try to unplug and replug the modem.                                             |
+------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Blinking green   | The card has registered to the network but no internet connection could be made.                                                |
|                  | Try reinserting the USB modem and restarting the Pickit processor. If that doesn’t help, contact a Pickit support engineer.     |
+------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Solid Green      | The network is available with a successful internet connection. A Pickit support engineer can now access the system.            |
+------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Type 2
^^^^^^

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/3g-dongle-type-2.jpg

The USB dongle can be plugged into any available USB port of your
Pickit system. No configuration is required.

+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Status LED                        | Indication                                                                                                                |
+===================================+===========================================================================================================================+
| Blinking green twice (every 3s)   | The USB dongle is powered on.                                                                                             |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Blinking green once (every 3s)    | The USB dongle is registering with a 2G network.                                                                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Blinking blue (every 3s)          | The USB dongle is registering with a 3G/3G+ network.                                                                      |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Solid Green                       | The network is available with a successful internet connection to a 2G network.                                           |
|                                   | A Pickit support engineer can now access the system but the connection might be too slow to perform a software update.    |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Solid Blue                        | The network is available with a successful internet connection to a 3G network.                                           |
|                                   | A Pickit support engineer can now access the system but the software update might take up to several hours.               |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Solid Cyan                        | The network is available with a successful internet connection to a 3G+ network.                                          |
|                                   | A Pickit support engineer can now access the system to perform a software update.                                         |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Connect your PC (with internet connection) to your Pickit processor
--------------------------------------------------------------------

In case connecting your Pickit processor to the internet is
not an option or does not work we can provide some remote service
through one of the following options:

-  TeamViewer
-  Video conferencing

To receive remote service through one of these option you should always
connect your PC/laptop to the Pickit processor:

#. **Connect your PC/laptop to the Pickit processor** with an Ethernet
   cable to the network port labelled ‘Interface’ on your Pickit
   processor and surf to the Pickit web
   interface. (\ http://192.168.66.1/)
#. Make sure your **PC/laptop has connection to the internet**, while
   being able to see the Pickit web interface.

TeamViewer
~~~~~~~~~~

When using TeamViewer installed on your PC, while your PC is connected
to the Pickit system, **a Pickit support engineer** can **view** and
**manipulate** your Pickit web interface.

#. Make sure `TeamViewer <https://www.teamviewer.com/>`__ is
   **installed** on your PC/laptop. (`download it
   here <https://www.teamviewer.com/>`__)
#. Open TeamViewer and **send your partner id and password** to the
   Pickit support engineer.

Video conferencing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When using a video conferencing tool that allows screen sharing, while
your PC is connected to the Pickit system, **a Pickit support
engineer** can **view** your Pickit web interface.

#. **Choose a video conferencing tool** such as `Google
   Hangouts <https://hangouts.google.com/>`__
   or `Skype <https://www.skype.com/>`__.
#. **Contact a Pickit support engineer** to ask him/her to join the
   video conference.
#. **Share your screen** with the Pickit support engineer.

There is no internet connection
-------------------------------

The only available option when the is no internet connection on site is
getting service by :ref:`Saving-a-snapshot`
and sending them to a Pickit support engineer.

Commit message:

Installation: Centralize PC connection docs
- Have a single point of entry for explaining how to connect an external PC to
  Pickit.

- Don't repeat in FAQ and Support sections what is explained here.

- Don't repeat here robot connection test already explained in Settings.

docs/support/getting-ready-for-remote-service.rst, after:

.. _support-remote-service:

Getting ready for remote service
================================

We will cover 3 possible scenarios in this how-to guide. 

.. contents::
    :backlinks: top
    :local:
    :depth: 1

Connect your Pickit processor to the internet
----------------------------------------------

The preferred method is to connect your Pickit processor via an
Ethernet cable. If this is not possible you can connect
your Pickit processor via the 3G USB dongle.

.. image:: /assets/images/First-steps/Connecting-instructions-full.png

Connecting via Ethernet cable
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

#. **Plug in an Ethernet cable** (with internet access) into the LAN
   port of the Pickit processor.
#. Navigate to the **Network settings**, by clicking on the Settings
   button at the top-right of the web interface.

   .. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/settings-button-21.png

#. In the **Pickit port labeled 'LAN’** section, make sure that the
   **IP address** field has a valid value (blue arrow in image below).

   .. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/network-settings-21.png

If an **IP address** shows up, you are good to go. A Pickit engineer
can now connect to your system.

If no **IP address** shows up:

-  Double check if the Ethernet cable is attached in the right
   way to the Pickit processor and your network;
-  Check with your system administrator if there is a **firewall** on
   your network. If so:

   -  Ask your system administrator to whitelist the ‘LAN’ port’s **MAC
      address** shown in the Network section of the :guilabel:`Settings`
      page (red arrow in the image above).
   -  Ask your system administrator to open **TCP 443 port.**

.. note:: Pickit uses VPN/TLS over TCP port 443 to establish
   connection. The Pickit Support Server is known as vpn.intermodalics.eu

Connecting via USB dongle
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Your Pickit system was delivered with a USB 3G dongle to connect the
Pickit system to the internet when connecting via
Ethernet is not an option. A Pickit SIM card is already
inside so this works out of the box. 

.. note:: Since this is a wireless device, it's important that it is
   positioned **outside a metal enclosure** (cage of Faraday). In case your
   Pickit system is in such an enclosure, you may use an extension cable
   up to 2 m to install the remote service modem outside this enclosure.

.. note:: Depending on **3G reception on site**, a Pickit support
   engineer could view and manipulate the Pickit web interface, install
   product and or setup files and perform updates. If the mobile reception
   is bad viewing and manipulating the interface could be impossible. On
   slow connections, software updates can take up to several hours.

Pickit systems were shipped with 2 different types of USB 3G dongles,
use the images below as a reference to check which type of dongle came
with your Pickit system.

Type 1
^^^^^^
.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/3g-dongle-type-1.jpg

The USB dongle can be plugged into any available USB port of your
Pickit system. No configuration is required.

+------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Status LED       | Indication                                                                                                                      |
+==================+=================================================================================================================================+
| Solid red        | The modem is initializing.                                                                                                      |
+------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Blinking red     | Check if a SIM/USIM card is inserted. If it is, try to unplug and replug the modem.                                             |
+------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Blinking green   | The card has registered to the network but no internet connection could be made.                                                |
|                  | Try reinserting the USB modem and restarting the Pickit processor. If that doesn’t help, contact a Pickit support engineer.     |
+------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Solid Green      | The network is available with a successful internet connection. A Pickit support engineer can now access the system.            |
+------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Type 2
^^^^^^

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/3g-dongle-type-2.jpg

The USB dongle can be plugged into any available USB port of your
Pickit system. No configuration is required.

+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Status LED                        | Indication                                                                                                                |
+===================================+===========================================================================================================================+
| Blinking green twice (every 3s)   | The USB dongle is powered on.                                                                                             |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Blinking green once (every 3s)    | The USB dongle is registering with a 2G network.                                                                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Blinking blue (every 3s)          | The USB dongle is registering with a 3G/3G+ network.                                                                      |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Solid Green                       | The network is available with a successful internet connection to a 2G network.                                           |
|                                   | A Pickit support engineer can now access the system but the connection might be too slow to perform a software update.    |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Solid Blue                        | The network is available with a successful internet connection to a 3G network.                                           |
|                                   | A Pickit support engineer can now access the system but the software update might take up to several hours.               |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Solid Cyan                        | The network is available with a successful internet connection to a 3G+ network.                                          |
|                                   | A Pickit support engineer can now access the system to perform a software update.                                         |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Connect your PC (with internet connection) to your Pickit processor
--------------------------------------------------------------------

In case connecting your Pickit processor to the internet is
not an option or does not work we can provide some remote service
through one of the following options:

-  TeamViewer
-  Video conferencing

To receive remote service through one of these options, you should always
connect your PC/laptop to the Pickit processor:

#. **Connect your PC/laptop to the Pickit processor**, as explained
   :ref:`here <connect-computer>`, and navigate to the Pickit
   :ref:`web interface <web-interface>`.
#. Make sure your **PC/laptop has connection to the Internet**, while
   being able to see the Pickit web interface.

TeamViewer
~~~~~~~~~~

When using TeamViewer installed on your PC, while your PC is connected
to the Pickit system, **a Pickit support engineer** can **view** and
**manipulate** your Pickit web interface.

#. Make sure `TeamViewer <https://www.teamviewer.com/>`__ is
   **installed** on your PC/laptop. (`download it
   here <https://www.teamviewer.com/>`__)
#. Open TeamViewer and **send your partner id and password** to the
   Pickit support engineer.

Video conferencing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When using a video conferencing tool that allows screen sharing, while
your PC is connected to the Pickit system, **a Pickit support
engineer** can **view** your Pickit web interface.

#. **Choose a video conferencing tool** such as `Google
   Hangouts <https://hangouts.google.com/>`__
   or `Skype <https://www.skype.com/>`__.
#. **Contact a Pickit support engineer** to ask him/her to join the
   video conference.
#. **Share your screen** with the Pickit support engineer.

There is no internet connection
-------------------------------

The only available option when the is no internet connection on site is
getting service by :ref:`Saving-a-snapshot`
and sending them to a Pickit support engineer.
