docs/support/saving-a-snapshot-in-pickit.rst, before:

.. _Saving-a-snapshot:

Saving a snapshot in Pickit
============================

A snapshot is a powerful support tool of Pickit. In a snapshot both the
camera images and detection parameters of the last detection are stored.
This file can be downloaded and sent to anybody with a Pickit system.
This tool allows anybody to give you remote support without a direct
connection to your system.

By saving and sending a Pickit snapshot to Pickit support. A Pickit
support engineer will analyze your scenario and will give you feedback
on your detection settings.

#. Press the **Detect** button under the Pickit viewer to make sure
   you capture the current scene.
   You have to do this every time you are saving a new snapshot,
   otherwise, the new data is not captured and old data is being saved.
#. Press the yellow **Snapshot** button in the lower left of the Pickit
   viewer.

   .. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/snapshot-button-21.png

#. Specify a name for the snapshot and click the **Save** button. (The
   file is saved and the name is automatically appended with the date
   and time)

   .. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/save-snapshot-21.png
   
#. Download this file from the Files > snapshots. Check the snapshot(s)
   that you want to download and press the Download button.
#. Email this file
   to `support@pickit3d.com <mailto:mailto:support@pickit3d.com>`__

When sending a snapshot to Pickit Support it's always very helpful when
you send multiple snapshots of different situations:

-  Scene almost empty
-  Scene with a few objects
-  Scene in a starting situation
-  The object you want to pick on its own (only when using TEACH)

Commit message:

Rename 'Files' page to 'Snapshots'

docs/support/saving-a-snapshot-in-pickit.rst, after:

.. _Saving-a-snapshot:

Saving a snapshot in Pickit
============================

A snapshot is a powerful support tool of Pickit. In a snapshot both the
camera images and detection parameters of the last detection are stored.
This file can be downloaded and sent to anybody with a Pickit system.
This tool allows anybody to give you remote support without a direct
connection to your system.

By saving and sending a Pickit snapshot to Pickit support. A Pickit
support engineer will analyze your scenario and will give you feedback
on your detection settings.

#. Press the :guilabel:`Detect` button under the Pickit viewer to make sure
   you capture the current scene.
   You have to do this every time you are saving a new snapshot,
   otherwise, the new data is not captured and old data is being saved.
#. Press the yellow **Snapshot** button in the lower left of the Pickit
   viewer.

   .. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/snapshot-button-21.png

#. Specify a name for the snapshot and click the :guilabel:`Save` button. (The
   file is saved and the name is automatically appended with the date
   and time)

   .. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/save-snapshot-21.png

#. Download this file from the :ref:`snapshots page <Snapshots>`. Check the
   snapshot(s) that you want to download and press the :guilabel:`Download` button.
#. Email this file
   to `support@pickit3d.com <mailto:mailto:support@pickit3d.com>`__

When sending a snapshot to Pickit Support it's always very helpful when
you send multiple snapshots of different situations:

-  Scene almost empty
-  Scene with a few objects
-  Scene in a starting situation
-  The object you want to pick on its own (only when using the :ref:`Teach engine <Teach>`)
