docs/documentation/setup/exclude-3d-information-based-on-color.rst, before:

.. _color-filter:

Exclude 3D information based on color
-------------------------------------

The color filter can be used to explicitly include or exclude points
from a certain color. Several use cases for the color filter are:

-  Excluding parts of the bin
-  Detection of thin parts on a flat surface

.. note:: The color filter is a **light dependent solution**. This
   requires very stable light conditions for continuous results. 

Example of detecting thin parts on a flat surface
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Color-filter-2d.png

This is an example case where we want to detect thin parts at the bottom
of a bin. There are several problems that need to be solved:

-  The bottom of the bin is not straight, this results in parts of the
   bottom being visible in the points view.
-  Because of the thin parts it's hard to distinguish them from the
   bottom

1. Define your ROI
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Color-filter-points.png

When :ref:`build-roi-box`
in a normal way we can see 2 problems:

-  We still see some parts of the bottom in the Points view
-  The point cloud of our parts is not very good.

In a normal situation we can increase the Z-min of the ROI to remove the
bottom, or lower the Z-min to make the parts more visible.

2. Lower the Z-min of the ROI
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Color-filter-points-lower.png

We lower the Z-min of the ROI to include the whole bottom of the bin,
this makes our point cloud unusable for detections.

3. Exclude the color
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Color-filter-exclude.png

We can exclude all the points of the yellow bin by activating the color
filter: on the Region of Interest page we select the Color filter tab
and check the Color Filter checkbox.

#. Open the 2D view and click with your mouse cursor on the color you
   would like to exclude
#. Set the switch to Exclude as we want to remove all points of that
   specific color
#. Adjust the Threshold slider to adjust the range of color that will be
   excluded
#. Go back to the Points view and press :guilabel:`Detect` to check the
   results.
#. Adjust the Threshold until only the parts are visible.

The result is that our parts are very visible with a very nice point
cloud without parts of the bin being visible.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Color-filter-points-result.png

Commit message:

Rephrased articles in setup section.

docs/documentation/setup/exclude-3d-information-based-on-color.rst, after:

.. _color-filter:

Exclude 3D information based on color
-------------------------------------

The color filter can be used to explicitly include or exclude points
with a certain color. Several use cases for the color filter are:

-  Excluding parts of the bin
-  Detection of thin parts on a flat surface

.. note:: The color filter is a **light dependent solution**. This
   requires very stable light conditions for continuous results. 

Example of detecting thin parts on a flat surface
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Color-filter-2d.png

This is an example case where we want to detect thin parts at the bottom of a bin. 
Since these parts are very thin, their 3D shape does not stand out from the bin bottom, 
as their thickness is smaller than the noise levels of the cloud. 
It is therefore impossible to define the ROI box dimensions such that only points from the parts are included, 
without any points from the bin.

1. Define your ROI
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Color-filter-points.png

When :ref:`build-roi-box`
in a normal way we can see 2 problems:

-  We still see some parts of the bottom in the Points view
-  The point cloud of our parts is not very good.

In a normal situation we can increase the Z-min of the ROI to remove the
bottom, or lower the Z-min to make the parts more visible.

2. Lower the Z-min of the ROI
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Color-filter-points-lower.png

We lower the Z-min of the ROI to include the whole bottom of the bin,
this makes our point cloud unusable for detections.

3. Exclude the color
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/color-filter-exclude.png

We can exclude all the points of the yellow bin by following these steps:

#. On the **Setup** page, in section **Exclude 3D information based on color**, check the Color filter checkbox. 
#. The 2D view is automatically opened, allowing you to click on the color to be filtered. 
   In this case, select the yellow bin, since we want to exclude this color.
#. Choose the Exclude option to discard the points of the yellow bin.
#. Adjust the Threshold slider to adjust the range of color that will be
   excluded
#. Go back to the Points view and press :guilabel:`Detect` to check the
   results.
#. Adjust the Threshold until only the parts are visible.

In the resulting point cloud, the parts are cleanly visible, without any points of the bin.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Color-filter-points-result.png
