docs/documentation/setup/fine-tune-roi-box.rst, before:

.. _fine-tune-roi-box:

Fine-tune ROI box
-----------------

Once an initial ROI box has been defined, you can manually adjust its
size. When the **Region of Interest page** is open,
colored arrows attached to the ROI are displayed in the viewer (in all
views except 2D). Arrows are colored according to the Pickit reference
frame direction: X→red, Y→green, Z→blue. You can interactively click and
drag the arrows to extend and contract the box along each of its sides.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Roi-arrows.png

The exact bounds and size of the ROI box are reported in the **Region of
Interest** page, as shown below. You can also manually set the bound
values here and the ROI box will be updated in the viewer.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Roi-values.png

.. note:: Only the size and position of ROI box can be changed, not the
   orientation. To change the orientation the ROI box needs to be defined
   again as described in :ref:`build-roi-box`.

Modify ROI box to remove the ground plane
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Removing the ground plane from the ROI box is one of the simplest ways
to have faster detection times. The below sequence shows
the **Points** view before and after raising the bottom of the box
just above the ground plane.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Remove-ground-roi.png

Bin representation with the ROI box
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To use the ROI box as an approximate representation of the bin, we
recommend to define it :ref:`Use-markers`, and aligning
them with the bin corners. Once the initial ROI box is set with a
correct orientation, adjust the borders such that it excludes most bin
points, and includes all relevant bin contents. The below sequence shows
the **Points** view before and after adjusting the box boundaries to
the inside of the bin.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Bin-representation-roi.png

Commit message:

Rephrased articles in setup section.

docs/documentation/setup/fine-tune-roi-box.rst, after:

.. _fine-tune-roi-box:

Fine-tune ROI box
-----------------

Once an initial ROI box has been defined, you can manually adjust its
size. When section **Fine-tune ROI box** is opened, in the **Setup** page,
colored arrows attached to the ROI are displayed in the viewer (in all
views except 2D). Arrows are colored according to the Pickit reference
frame direction: X→red, Y→green, Z→blue. You can interactively click and
drag the arrows to extend and contract the box along each of its sides.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Roi-arrows.png

The exact bounds and size of the ROI box are reported in the **Fine-tune ROI box** section,
as shown below. You can also manually set the bound
values here and the ROI box will be updated in the viewer.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Roi-values.png

.. note:: Only the size and position of ROI box can be changed, not the
   orientation. To change the orientation the ROI box needs to be defined
   again as described in :ref:`build-roi-box`.

Modify ROI box to remove the ground plane
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Removing the ground plane from the ROI box is one of the simplest ways
to have faster detection times. The below sequence shows
the **Points** view before and after raising the bottom of the box
just above the ground plane.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Remove-ground-roi.png

Bin representation with the ROI box
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To use the ROI box as an approximate representation of the bin, we
recommend to define it :ref:`Use-markers`, and aligning
them with the bin corners. Once the initial ROI box is set with a
correct orientation, adjust the borders such that it excludes most bin
points, and includes all relevant bin contents. The below sequence shows
the **Points** view before and after adjusting the box boundaries to
the inside of the bin.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Bin-representation-roi.png
