docs/documentation/detection/teach/explaining-the-teach-detection-parameters.rst, before:

.. _Explaining-the-teach-detection-parameters:

Explaining the Teach detection parameters
-----------------------------------------

The Pickit Teach detection engine is designed to detect complex
3D shapes. This article explains its detection parameters.

.. contents::
    :backlinks: top
    :local:
    :depth: 1

M-HD preset (M-HD camera only)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The M-HD preset settings are explained in :ref:`M-HD-preset`.

Define your model(s)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/teach-model-grid-21.png

A list of thaught models is shown accompanied by their ID and
the number of points. By default, there are no models defined.

Add a model
^^^^^^^^^^^

Press :guilabel:`Add a model` to teach your first model, the points
currently visible within the ROI are now saved into a model. When the
model is successfully created, the model will automatically be shown in
the :ref:`Model view <model-view>`.

In one product file up to 8 different models can be taught.
This means that Pickit Teach is capable of looking for 8 different shapes in one detection.
See :ref:`how-to-multiple-models` on how you can use the model ID in a robot program.

Re-teach a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can always re-teach a model by pressing :guilabel:`Re-teach` for
a specific model.
By pressing this button, the points currently visible within the ROI
are saved into the model.

.. warning:: When re-teaching a specific model, the point-cloud
   data from the previous model is overwritten. This action cannot be
   undone.

It is also possible to crop or expand an existing model, without the need
to re-teach it. Refer to the article :ref:`How-to-edit-existing-model` for
further details.

Delete a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To delete a model, press :guilabel:`Delete` for the specific model.
The action needs to be confirmed in a popup.

.. warning:: Model ID's will be reassigned after deleting a model. If you use model ID's in your robot program, make sure they're up to date after deleting models.

.. warning:: Model data will be lost after deletion confirmation and
   cannot be restored.

Select and visualize a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A model can be selected by clicking on the respective table row. When the model is
loaded, it will automatically be shown in the :ref:`Model view <model-view>`.

Enable or disable a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A model is enabled by default, and can be disabled through the toggle switch at the left of the respective table row. If a model is disabled, it will be ignored in subsequent detection runs. Disabling models is a quick and useful way to check the effect of different combinations of models, or to test distinct models in isolation (by disabling all others).

.. _pick-frame-teach:

Pick frame
^^^^^^^^^^

The pick frame is the location where the Tool Center Point (TCP) of the robot will be guided to.
The location of the pick frame can be visualized from the :ref:`Model view <model-view>`.
By default, Pickit Teach provides an initial pick frame,
but this will in general not be the best choice. It's possible to
specify the desired  **pick frame** as a positional and rotational
offset with respect to the object model. The following article goes more into depth on :ref:`how-to-pick-frame`.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Teach-pick-frame.png

Matching tolerance
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If the distance between a detected scene point and a point of your model
is below this position tolerance value, then this scene point will
confirm the model point. This parameter has a big impact on the scoring
of the :ref:`Minimum-matching-score`.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Teach-matching-tolerance.png

.. _Minimum-matching-score:

Minimum matching score
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Minimum percentage of model points that need to be confirmed by scene
points, for the detected object to be considered valid.

Optimize detections
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _image-fusion:

Image fusion and scene downsampling resolution
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Image fusion (applicable for the M and L cameras only) and scene downsampling resolution are explained in :ref:`Optimize-detections`.

Detection speed
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

With this parameter, you can specify how hard Pickit Teach tries to
find multiple matches. Slower detection speeds are likely to produce
more matches. There are three available options:

-  **Fast** Recommended for simple scenes with a single or few objects.
-  **Normal** This is the default choice and represents a good
   compromise between a number of matches and detection speed.
-  **Slow** Recommended for scenes with many parts, potentially
   overlapping and in clutter.

**Example:** Two-step bin picking.

#. Pick an individual part from a bin using **Normal** or
   **Slow** detection speed and place it on a flat surface.
#. Perform an orientation check for re-grasping using
   **Fast** detection speed, as the part is isolated. Grasp and place in
   final location.

Detection precision
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Apart from the above choice, you can instruct Pickit Teach to favor
being **more precise** or to potentially find **more objects**. This
choice has a negligible impact on detection times. In most cases,
selecting **more precise** yields a good number of matches per
detection run, and is the recommended default.

Commit message:

How to article about matching parameters

docs/documentation/detection/teach/explaining-the-teach-detection-parameters.rst, after:

.. _Explaining-the-teach-detection-parameters:

Explaining the Teach detection parameters
-----------------------------------------

The Pickit Teach detection engine is designed to detect complex
3D shapes. This article explains its detection parameters.

.. contents::
    :backlinks: top
    :local:
    :depth: 1

M-HD preset (M-HD camera only)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The M-HD preset settings are explained in :ref:`M-HD-preset`.

Define your model(s)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/teach-model-grid-21.png

A list of thaught models is shown accompanied by their ID and
the number of points. By default, there are no models defined.

Add a model
^^^^^^^^^^^

Press :guilabel:`Add a model` to teach your first model, the points
currently visible within the ROI are now saved into a model. When the
model is successfully created, the model will automatically be shown in
the :ref:`Model view <model-view>`.

In one product file up to 8 different models can be taught.
This means that Pickit Teach is capable of looking for 8 different shapes in one detection.
See :ref:`how-to-multiple-models` on how you can use the model ID in a robot program.

Re-teach a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can always re-teach a model by pressing :guilabel:`Re-teach` for
a specific model.
By pressing this button, the points currently visible within the ROI
are saved into the model.

.. warning:: When re-teaching a specific model, the point-cloud
   data from the previous model is overwritten. This action cannot be
   undone.

It is also possible to crop or expand an existing model, without the need
to re-teach it. Refer to the article :ref:`How-to-edit-existing-model` for
further details.

Delete a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To delete a model, press :guilabel:`Delete` for the specific model.
The action needs to be confirmed in a popup.

.. warning:: Model ID's will be reassigned after deleting a model. If you use model ID's in your robot program, make sure they're up to date after deleting models.

.. warning:: Model data will be lost after deletion confirmation and
   cannot be restored.

Select and visualize a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A model can be selected by clicking on the respective table row. When the model is
loaded, it will automatically be shown in the :ref:`Model view <model-view>`.

Enable or disable a model
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A model is enabled by default, and can be disabled through the toggle switch at the left of the respective table row. If a model is disabled, it will be ignored in subsequent detection runs. Disabling models is a quick and useful way to check the effect of different combinations of models, or to test distinct models in isolation (by disabling all others).

.. _pick-frame-teach:

Pick frame
^^^^^^^^^^

The pick frame is the location where the Tool Center Point (TCP) of the robot will be guided to.
The location of the pick frame can be visualized from the :ref:`Model view <model-view>`.
By default, Pickit Teach provides an initial pick frame,
but this will in general not be the best choice. It's possible to
specify the desired  **pick frame** as a positional and rotational
offset with respect to the object model. The following article goes more into depth on :ref:`how-to-pick-frame`.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Teach-pick-frame.png

Matching tolerance
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If the distance between a detected scene point and a point of your model
is below this position tolerance value, then this scene point will
confirm the model point. This parameter has a big impact on the scoring
of the :ref:`Minimum-matching-score`.

Following guide will help you finding a good value for this parameter, :ref:`how-to-matching-parameters`.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Teach-matching-tolerance.png

.. _Minimum-matching-score:

Minimum matching score
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Minimum percentage of model points that need to be confirmed by scene
points, for the detected object to be considered valid.

Following guide will help you finding a good value for this parameter, :ref:`how-to-matching-parameters`.

Optimize detections
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _image-fusion:

Image fusion and scene downsampling resolution
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Image fusion (applicable for the M and L cameras only) and scene downsampling resolution are explained in :ref:`Optimize-detections`.

Detection speed
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

With this parameter, you can specify how hard Pickit Teach tries to
find multiple matches. Slower detection speeds are likely to produce
more matches. There are three available options:

-  **Fast** Recommended for simple scenes with a single or few objects.
-  **Normal** This is the default choice and represents a good
   compromise between a number of matches and detection speed.
-  **Slow** Recommended for scenes with many parts, potentially
   overlapping and in clutter.

**Example:** Two-step bin picking.

#. Pick an individual part from a bin using **Normal** or
   **Slow** detection speed and place it on a flat surface.
#. Perform an orientation check for re-grasping using
   **Fast** detection speed, as the part is isolated. Grasp and place in
   final location.

Detection precision
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Apart from the above choice, you can instruct Pickit Teach to favor
being **more precise** or to potentially find **more objects**. This
choice has a negligible impact on detection times. In most cases,
selecting **more precise** yields a good number of matches per
detection run, and is the recommended default.
