docs/downloads.rst, before:

.. _downloads:

Download Pickit robot programs
===============================

Pickit provides robot programs for all supported robot brands.
For now, Pickit supports:

.. contents::
    :backlinks: top
    :local:
    :depth: 2

ABB
---

Pickit is compatible with controllers as of version IRC5 with RobotWare 5 or 6 and furthermore. To communicate with Pickit, the modules **616 PC interface** and **623-1 Multitasking** should be installed.

-  `Download the Pickit ABB files <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1ukWkuIdN2-fLVfCHKOiPRlP0tDADPOcC>`__

Fanuc
-----

Pickit is compatible with controllers as of version **R-J3iB** and the software module **User Socket Msg** for socket communication is required. (The product number for this module is A05B-2600-R648).

- `Download the Pickit Fanuc files <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0BzZKo0Mfhw0RMDNULWxxY0dvcG8>`__

KUKA
----

Pickit requires software module **KUKA Connect KRC** for socket communication.

The product number for this module is **91B300-020** and can be purchased through Pickit. Contact sales@pickit3d.com for more information and pricing.

- `Download the Pickit for KUKA KR C2 <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1Cp7KWtVswRYPFZ_oy9tgLmQ-kRtohCB5>`__
- `Download the Pickit for KUKA KR C4 <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1Xi76sHuu_H-iAkkHhYvrXR1gYg2K-OlM>`__
- `Download the Pickit for KUKA Sunrise <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0ByhqgEqwu5R8QTlvZy1YcEk1NDQ>`__

Stäubli
-------

For Stäubli software version 7 and higher.

- `Download the Pickit Stäubli files <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0ByhqgEqwu5R8ZGRrZ1VlVkJkN1E>`__

Universal Robots
----------------

The Pickit URCap is only available for Polyscope versions 3.4.x and higher and 5.0.x and higher.

- `Download the Pickit URCap 1.3.5 <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1usAjN4b8Nv_KjCy5XFIIwGeNQDti5m7Y>`__
- `Download the Pickit URScript files <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1VedZYjVvlcyiE4iuqUuF67DsT8545ojU>`__


Yaskawa
-------

Pickit is compatible with controllers **FS100,** **DX200** and **YRC1000**.

- `Download the Pickit Yaskawa files <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1IsMGjSATTixB_r80MWdS2fu-hn1kKIRL>`__

Commit message:

Download ROS files from KB, not UI

docs/downloads.rst, after:

.. _downloads:

Download Pickit robot programs
===============================

Pickit provides robot programs for all supported robot brands.
For now, Pickit supports:

.. contents::
    :backlinks: top
    :local:
    :depth: 2

ABB
---

Pickit is compatible with controllers as of version IRC5 with RobotWare 5 or 6 and furthermore. To communicate with Pickit, the modules **616 PC interface** and **623-1 Multitasking** should be installed.

-  `Download the Pickit ABB files <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1ukWkuIdN2-fLVfCHKOiPRlP0tDADPOcC>`__

Fanuc
-----

Pickit is compatible with controllers as of version **R-J3iB** and the software module **User Socket Msg** for socket communication is required. (The product number for this module is A05B-2600-R648).

- `Download the Pickit Fanuc files <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0BzZKo0Mfhw0RMDNULWxxY0dvcG8>`__

KUKA
----

Pickit requires software module **KUKA Connect KRC** for socket communication.

The product number for this module is **91B300-020** and can be purchased through Pickit. Contact sales@pickit3d.com for more information and pricing.

- `Download the Pickit for KUKA KR C2 <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1Cp7KWtVswRYPFZ_oy9tgLmQ-kRtohCB5>`__
- `Download the Pickit for KUKA KR C4 <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1Xi76sHuu_H-iAkkHhYvrXR1gYg2K-OlM>`__
- `Download the Pickit for KUKA Sunrise <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0ByhqgEqwu5R8QTlvZy1YcEk1NDQ>`__

ROS
---

To communicate with Pickit using the ROS interface, you need to have the
``im_pickit_msgs`` package in your workspace.

- `Download the Pickit ROS interface files <http://download.pickit3d.com/ros/im_pickit_msgs_v2.1.tar.gz>`__

Stäubli
-------

For Stäubli software version 7 and higher.

- `Download the Pickit Stäubli files <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0ByhqgEqwu5R8ZGRrZ1VlVkJkN1E>`__

Universal Robots
----------------

The Pickit URCap is only available for Polyscope versions 3.4.x and higher and 5.0.x and higher.

- `Download the Pickit URCap 1.3.5 <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1usAjN4b8Nv_KjCy5XFIIwGeNQDti5m7Y>`__
- `Download the Pickit URScript files <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1VedZYjVvlcyiE4iuqUuF67DsT8545ojU>`__


Yaskawa
-------

Pickit is compatible with controllers **FS100,** **DX200** and **YRC1000**.

- `Download the Pickit Yaskawa files <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1IsMGjSATTixB_r80MWdS2fu-hn1kKIRL>`__
